V2.8.0 (#243)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-wordpress-plugin: readme.txt

add_filter( 'hcap_activate', 'my_hcap_activate' );
`

> = How to block hCaptcha on a specific form? =
> 
> The plugin has a filter to block adding and verifying hCaptcha on a specific form. The filter receives three parameters: current protection status ('true' by default), source and form_id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Skipping hCaptcha verification on a specific form =

The plugin has a filter to skip adding and verifying hCaptcha on a specific form. The filter receives three parameters: current protection status ('true' by default), source and form_id.
```

The source is the plugin's slug (like 'directory/main-plugin-file.php'), the theme name (like 'Avada') or the WordPress core (like 'WordPress').

The form_id is the form_id for plugins like Gravity Forms or WPForms, the post id for comments or a general name of the form when the form does not have an id (like WordPress core login form).

For forms provided by WordPress Core, the filter receives the source as 'WordPress' and form_id as post_id for comment form, 'login', 'lost_password', 'password_protected', and 'register'.

> Below is an example of how to block the hCaptcha widget on the Gravity Form with id = 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of how to skip the hCaptcha widget on a Gravity Form with id = 1.
```
